Addition of the poem library to web-development as well as the file-parsing topic (#7291)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/rust/content/108-web-development/105-poem.md

# Poem

Poem is a backend web application framework for Rust. 

It supports OpenAPIv3-compliant back-end Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) which make it easy to create APIs and document them automatically with [SwaggerUI](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui).

> Visit [the documentation](https://docs.rs/poem/latest/poem/) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It supports OpenAPIv3-compliant back-end Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) which make it easy to create APIs and document them automatically with SwaggerUI.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@official@Swagger API](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui)
- [@official@Poem Documentation](https://docs.rs/poem/latest/poem/)
```
